Hey, good morning family.
We're back, Diana and I.
We're excited to be here today.
Well, I have some things on my heart.
First off, I just want to say, for the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever.
I would encourage every single one of you to go about your day saying that; it's important that we always give God praise, for He is good and His mercy endures forever.
It endures forever.
I just want to say that all the time; it blesses me.
Brother Hagin used to do it, and I want to say it too.
We're not under the curse of the law.
We are not under the curse.
Jesus has set us free.
For sickness, we have health; for poverty, wealth; for Christ has ransomed me.
I'm not under the curse; Jesus has set us free.
For sickness, I have health; for poverty, wealth; for Christ has ransomed me.
Jesus!
Hallelujah!
Glory to God!
Galatians 3:13: Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
We don't have to be under the curse of sickness and disease anymore because Jesus paid the price for you and me.
Thank you, Jesus.
And if the woman with the issue of blood's faith would make her whole, your faith will make you whole.
He is no respecter of persons.
And He said to her, 'Daughter, your faith has made you whole.
' And I believe with all my heart that Jesus paid the price for sickness and disease.
And if the woman with the issue of blood's faith would make her whole, how much more will He do it for you?
You're a daughter or a son of the King.
I believe that we have a better covenant.
We have a New Covenant, Jesus's blood.
And I believe she wasn't even operating under a New Covenant; she was operating under the Abrahamic covenant.
And I believe with all my heart that in the New Covenant, Jesus paid the price for us so that we're seated with Him in the heavenlies far above all principalities and powers and might.
And I just want to say this, when I had that visitation and I posted that again to tell you all about coming up higher in the prophetic: the Lord said it's time to come up higher.
It's time to come up higher with the fire; in 2024, you will soar.
It's a time of a great acceleration.
And 2024 is not over with yet.
2024, we still have five more months.
And it's time.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, don't give up on 2024 yet.
Believe Me for big.
Believe Me for even greater works still in 2024.
Don't stop believing for the great manifestations and demonstrations of the glory.
' I'm telling you all, the best is yet to come.
And some people go, 'Well, once you get to October, the year is over with.
' No, no, no, no.
Keep believing.
Keep standing.
Keep asking and knocking, and the door will be opened unto you.
And I believe it.
We're still believing for things.
Oh, yes!
And we're not giving up.
We're going to keep asking and knocking.
Even if we go into 2025, we're still going to ask; we're still going to believe.
But I'm believing for the manifestation now.
That's why I got my shirt; my wife got this for me because I liked it.
It says, 'Jesus 2024: Make America Pray Again.
' And you know, everybody's saying about Trump saving America.
And I'm going to tell you this; I'll say it again: the only thing that's going to save America is an awakening unto God—for the churches to preach righteousness and holiness and repentance back in the pulpits, to not have a seeker-friendly message, to teach them the baptism of the Holy Ghost, to teach them true salvation, repentance, and bringing God back into the homes.
It's because we've had a culture that has declined with biblical beliefs and compromise in the houses that America is the way we are again.
And it starts with the church.
It starts with the preachers preaching true repentance, true salvation, and getting back to the basics, getting back to what matters, teaching the fundamentals in church again.
And I believe it with all my heart.
That's what's going to save America: not Trump, not a new Congress, not a new House, not a new whatever.
I believe it's going to be an awakening unto God, a great revival.
Amen.
But I want to encourage every single one of you, if you are in the Branson city area, the Branson, Missouri area, Sister Billye Brim is going to have a prayer conference from October 16th to the 21st.
And it's the fall time; it's one of the best times of the year to be in the Ozarks.
When the leaves are changing, it's a beautiful time.
There's a service at 10:00, then you don't have another service until later.
You can go out and explore, maybe catch a show.
They have really cool shows there.
They have restaurants and all kinds of fun things to do.
And so, if it's a time that you could come with your wife or your husband or your kids, maybe take a little break.
Maybe fall break is that time frame, and come and get refreshed.
Come and get charged with the baptism of the Holy Spirit and fire.
It's a time to just come and just soak it up.
We're excited.
I'm telling you all, we can pray.
They'll be praying for the nation, praying for the elections and all kinds of things, praying for our country.
And when we come together in a corporate setting, what great and mighty things we can accomplish in prayer!
And I believe it's a time like never before that we need to be praying for this nation and praying for our officials, our presidential candidates, and praying for them for a move of God—for Trump, for what I saw when he fell on his knees, that he would have a radical conversion, a radical baptism of the Holy Spirit and fire, and that this nation would turn around.
I'm telling you all, a lot of people say, 'Well, we don't need to pray about anything anymore because, you know, God's got this.
' No, no, no, no.
This is a time we intercede and pray like never before—that all hidden things be revealed, that we would expose the enemy's plots and plans, and that we put out the fires before they start.
You can't just rely on 'well, I'm not going to pray anymore.
' No, it's time to pray even more.
When you start to see some victory is not when you let up on the devil.
That's when you send in the bigger things.
That's when you pray even harder.
When you start to see good fruit and things start changing in the spirit realm, that's when it's time to send in the bigger guys to make sure we get bigger touchdowns.
And you not only win the game, but you win by a landslide in the spirit realm.
So, I believe with all my heart, it's a time like never before to send out the greater things in prayer—just praying in the spirit and seeking Him daily.
So, my wife—I brought her on here today because she's going to read to you a prophetic word that was given.
And I know some people may have heard this before, but it's worth repeating.
It's worth reading again.
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing, and hearing, and hearing.
It comes by hearing the Word of God again.
And I know this isn't the Word, but this is a prophetic word.
And so I believe it's good to listen to this again.
Someone emailed this to us.
Yes, and it blessed me.
It blessed my wife.
We both were like, 'Whoa!
' Because there was a lot of things that we saw coming in 2015 that didn't quite manifest the way the prophetic voice is saying.
And I believe this is why.
But I'm telling you, it's the one last call.
The time is setting on this dispensation of grace, and God is giving us one last call to bring in a harvest of souls.
And I believe this is where we are.
So, if you want to start reading, babe, I'll let you go.
I had a vision, a prophetic experience as I was eating lunch recently.
Suddenly, a portal opened in the spirit realm, and my angel said to me, "You are summoned to come to the courtroom of heaven.
You are to record the case being tried now so that God's people will know the lateness of the hour.
You must warn them so that the bride may awaken and take heed.
The time is short.
" Thank you, Father.
I was escorted by two angels to a seat on the left side down front of the Supreme Courtroom.
There were many hundreds of angels and saints already seated before the bench.
I was surprised how much it looked like our Supreme Court room in America, except it was much larger.
It looked more like a giant arena with thousands of seats ascending up as far as I could see.
There were five big leather warrior-like chairs with wings on each side in the front row.
They reminded me very much of the kind of chairs my father always sat in behind his desk at his law firm years ago.
There were gold embossed cards on them that said 'recorder' on all five of these chairs.
I must have been the first to arrive, and I was ushered into the one closest to the bench.
I sat down and sunk into this really comfortable chair and was handed a pen and a small scroll.
I was curious as I looked at it, for it looked really old-fashioned.
The pen was a feather quill with an old-fashioned nib like a fountain pen at the bottom to write with.
The pad was a scroll that was made out of parchment.
It would open automatically as you wrote upon it when you got to the bottom of the page.
It was kind of like an iPad that looked like a small Torah scroll at the same time.
The angel showed me how it worked.
It was extremely easy to hold and write on.
When I would start to write, it would write whatever I thought of in perfect calligraphy script as fast as I thought it.
The nib seemed to just fly over the parchment with ease in my hand.
It would write whatever the angel put in my mind from what I saw and heard to record, and then it would describe perfectly any other information the Holy Spirit deemed important in an instant as it happened.
It was the easiest thing I have ever written.
It seemed to do all the work without my thinking or trying.
I think this must have been heaven's way of court legal stenography.
Most amazing of all, I was writing in Hebrew, and I hardly know the language at all.
But somehow I understood and thought in fluent Hebrew during this vision.
I cannot offer any explanation for this at all.
The angel said, "You are one of five prophet recorders that have been summoned from the earth to chronicle and witness this trial soon to begin.
Just let the pen flow over the parchment and it will be a witness to the proceedings.
Then you will sign it when it is finished and it will be added to the eternal ledger of legal proceedings.
" Soon the other four recorders were seated and shown how to write as I was.
I recognized one of them as a current prophet on earth.
He was the only other from the western world.
I cannot speak of whom it was at this time, and the other three of them were not known to me.
We were all different races from different regions of the earth.
One was a Chinese woman of great age who just glowed with the wisdom and love of God.
We were dressed in black robes with red border sashes on the sides and the sleeves.
The other prophet recorder was a lady from Africa who had a headdress that wrapped around her head which flashed rays of light whenever she moved.
She spoke and wrote in French, I believe.
The fifth was a man from South America.
I was given a yarmulke of golden color.
It had 12 ruby stones around it.
God called me to wear a yarmulke whenever I minister on earth.
So I wasn't surprised that I had to wear one here.
When the angel put it on my head, I could feel the weight of it like it was made out of actual metal gold, even though it felt soft to the touch like silk.
Everyone finally assembled and a great and beautiful angel who presided over the courtroom named Justice stood up.
She seemed to tower over us and was about 20 ft tall.
Then angels appeared with long trumpets on either side of the courtroom and sounded a fanfare that ended with a blast.
The angel Justice then shouted with a very loud soprano voice, "All rise.
The Honorable Ancient of Days, the Judge of All Creation, the King of Ages, the Most High Lord Almighty is present and presiding.
" We all stood up exactly at the same time in unison.
Then the most awesome sound of praise and worship filled the atmosphere as we all began to praise his glorious majesty together.
I have never experienced such a sense of awe as the fear of the Lord filled the court.
It was only then that I could just make out who was seated behind the holy bar.
There were not nine judges but 12.
God the Father sat in the middle with six of the Supreme Court judges on both sides of him.
I somehow knew he was the final deciding vote in every decision.
After our praises finished, the angel Justice, who I now saw was a lady and not a male angel, shouted, "Be seated.
The high court is now in session.
" She was standing just in front of his throne.
She had a golden gavel and struck a giant crystalline base with it.
There was a great thunder clap and lightning flashed out from the gavel base and flew across the room in all directions.
It was only then that I could see the judges behind the bench.
The only person that I could not see the face of was the Father, but I could see the throne he sat upon and the outline of his face.
He seemed to be clothed in a white blinding light as well.
He had a black robe on, but had every color of the rainbow flashing out of it.
If he moved even slightly, lightning bolts would fly all over the room, out of his head, his hands, and his feet.
The other judges to the Father's right hand were Enoch, Father Abraham, Moses the lawgiver, David the King, Elijah the prophet, and Daniel.
On the Father's left hand were John the Baptist, Peter, James, John, Andrew, and Paul the Apostle.
I do not know whether these were the permanent judges of the Supreme Court of Heaven or not, but those were the ones seated for this case.
They were all also dressed in these black iridescent judge robes.
There were stunning crowns of glory on each of their heads and they were holding gold scepters in their right hands.
The Father in the middle on the throne of judgment held the biggest scepter and had many crowns suspended over his head that shot lightnings out of them in every direction.
I could not look upon them or his face because it was so bright.
It was like looking into the noonday sun.
I was given one glimpse at him when he first came into the courtroom.
There was a rainbow that would appear that encircled him above and below that I saw a few times during this vision.
I could not endure looking at him for more than a split second before I had to avert my eyes, for the white blazing brightness was too intense.
All the judges behind the great bar were emanating great light that was also nearly blinding.
That is the closest I can describe them now.
Then the case was read before all present by Lady Justice, the angel.
She spoke: "This is the summary of the case brought before the Supreme Court of Heaven today.
The timing of the final judgments of the day of the Lord must be decided.
The accuser, Satan, is prosecuting, declaring that the time of Adam's lease is over, and he must be allowed to take ownership of the earth for a time and times and half a time as it is written in the Holy Scriptures.
" That is the most amazing, babe.
Representing the holy defense is the Lord Yeshua, Jesus the Messiah, the Lamb of God.
At this, Yeshua himself stood up at the defense table as the advocate general of the bride of Messiah on earth.
He was representing the holy saints of God still alive in their bodies on earth.
When he stood up at the left table, everyone bowed and worshiped except those at the prosecution table to the right.
There was a very handsome man who just sat stone-faced with several other princes at the prosecution table.
They did not move.
The headman sneered when they worshiped Yeshua.
Representing the agenda of the fallen Lucifer, now called Satan, is the accuser, liar, and deceiver himself.
Satan!
At this, the handsome prince with the evil smirk stood up.
No one moved.
There was silence in the courtroom for about a minute.
Then Lady Justice spoke again, "You may sit down now.
" Finally, he did so with another sneering grunt.
I marveled that he seemed human and actually very attractive to look at, although there was no heavenly light in him or around him.
"The prosecution may proceed," Lady Justice proclaimed.
At this, the man stood up.
He was robed in a black suit that had a long cape of crimson red that followed behind him.
He had gold epaulettes on his shoulders that were built into his cape.
He was very articulate and extremely haughty.
I got sick to my stomach as he spoke.
He walked back and forth in front of the courtroom in long strides with his nose in the air.
It reminded me of a painting of what Napoleon looked like, except this man was much taller than Napoleon.
He began his long diatribe of accusation against fallen man.
He seemed to know the Bible very well.
Starting from Adam and Eve, he began accusing God of failing mankind in every generation.
He started with this stipulation: Adam was given nearly 6,000 years to rule the earth.
He gave that lease to me, and I own it.
I have the right to rule over every man, woman, and child who are mine by Adam's free choice.
The time is up.
I now demand the government of mankind be given to me through whom you call the son of perdition.
I call him my son of man.
I have the scriptural right to take control of the earth for seven years.
Give it to me now.
Then he sat down again for about a minute or so.
There was complete silence.
Lady Justice then spoke again, "The defense may proceed.
" Yeshua then arose from the defense table.
He wore a white robe with blue trim and red sleeves with a bottom border and neck border of red.
He wore a small diadem of solid diamonds as a crown.
Once again, when he stood up, everyone bowed their heads before him to worship except those at the prosecution table.
He said, "In summary, as the true son of man, I have taken the death penalty for every generation of fallen man, including those in this harvest generation.
I also strip Satan of his authority over the church of the living God.
His gates can no longer prevail against her.
Through the intercession of my holy bride on earth, the overcoming church of the living God, there has been granted a pause in this court to allow for the fullness of the harvest to come in during the last hearing on this matter in 2015, three years ago in earth's time.
For I spoke on earth as it is written, this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world and then the end shall come.
I, by the authority of the prayers and intercession of the bride documented here in this scroll," he handed the scroll to the Father and another copy of it to Satan's prosecution table, "I petition the court for another measure of time for the end-time church to finish and fulfill the promise to my people, as it is written that none should perish but all who are truly mine have the opportunity to hear the good news of the gospel and to be saved from perdition.
" As he was speaking, Satan, the handsome man lawyer, was busy reading the scroll feverishly to see if there was truly enough intercession to stop his immediate seizing of the earth and for the tribulation to begin.
He was consulting his other diabolical lawyers about it.
Foul language was coming out of his mouth along with hissing and accusing his right-hand man, saying, "You told me we had destroyed the prayers of the church.
The great awakening has been thwarted.
" Then he said curse words.
Yeshua continued, "As you can see, my faithful bridal remnant has kept the faith, enduring the evil and continuing to overcome.
The blood of the martyrs has proven their faithfulness.
Look at China.
Look at the Middle East.
Look at Africa.
Look at Indonesia.
Look at South America.
Look at the islands of the sea.
Look at my persecuted bride in all nations.
Even America has held, though all hell has been thrown against her.
The facts speak for themselves.
I have the authority to request another extension of time.
The defense petitions the court for another extension of time in the grace that I purchased by my blood on the cross.
Also, I petition the court to look into the scrolls of the hidden counsels written before the foundations of the earth regarding the mysteries of the harvest of the end of days.
These Satan has no knowledge of, as they were never shown to him.
It is written there, as well as in the hidden revelation of scripture, that the tribulation beginning the kingdom age must begin only after all of my bride that I ordained to eternal life are saved and come to the knowledge of truth.
This information can be found in the scroll given by my hands to the court for eternal record.
The evidence written in this scroll fully confirms and documents our holy and righteous claim.
Though millions shall come to me and be saved in the tribulation to come, my holy bride must all be prepared now.
" Then there came a time of silence.
Nobody moved.
The judges on the bench were studying the scroll.
Somehow it had multiplied into 13 scrolls.
All of the judges, including the Father, read through the scroll.
I got one glance at the writing.
It was written in red.
It was written in the blood of Yeshua.
I was told by the chronicling angel that was helping me to write.
Amazingly, as I wrote about this, the ink coming out of my pen became blood red as well for the duration of the description of it.
Then it turned back to black ink again.
After some deliberation, there was a vote.
Every judge voted in favor of the saints to extend another time period of grace.
I cannot disclose how long it is at this time.
Finally, the Father, the great judge of all, spoke.
He said, "On the basis of the evidence presented by the defense, I decree that the prosecution has failed to bring a closing to the final days of grace on earth.
An extension of time has been granted to the saints of the overcoming bridal remnant church.
Nevertheless, the birthing pains and judgments on the earth will not be stopped.
Satan has the authority to rule over the tares of the earth, the wickedness and darkness, by their willing consent according to the tenets of free will given to Adam's race at the beginning of creation.
Both the tares and the wheat have grown up and are now ready to be harvested.
Therefore, the birth pains of judgment shall increase.
Those that will abide in me in the secret place I will provide for and protect.
Those that do not are in more and more peril with each passing day.
Though I have granted this, the final day of the Lord has indeed come.
" Whenever the Lord told me the birthing pains are going to accelerate, things are going to get very dark now, more than what you will ever know.
And that is why this is so important that you hear this.
Read that about the birthing pangs again.
Just please focus.
Both the tares and the wheat have grown up and are now ready to be harvested.
Therefore, the birth pains of judgment shall increase.
Those that will abide with me in the secret place, I will provide for and protect.
Those that do not are in more and more peril with each passing day.
Though I have granted this, the final day of the Lord has indeed come, and the persecution and the prosecution is correct.
The time of grace upon the earth is nearly over.
Warn my children.
This is the midnight hour.
Watch and pray that you can stand in the evil day and overcome.
I am answering the prayers of my kingdom coming to earth.
It shall first come in the fire of my holy judgments, but it shall also come in the great awakening that I have promised of revival and outpouring.
The time of my wrath is soon to engulf the earth, but in it, I will remember mercy.
Many millions of souls shall be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth.
Then the angel Lady Justice came forward and was blindfolded.
She raised a large, old-fashioned scale in her hands above her head.
Into one of the bowls, a presiding angel poured a black sand-like powder from a brass urn.
This tipped the scale all the way to the bottom, as far as it could descend.
This represented the accumulated sin and rebellion for all of mankind, as well as the failures of the church in this generation.
Into the other bowl, a presiding angel dressed in a golden robe poured a white sand-like powder from a porcelain white urn that represented the prayers, intercession, and obedience of the overcoming church in generations past as well as the bridal company of our generation.
This is what allows for evil to be restrained.
I was really alarmed because it looked so small at first compared to the amount of black powder in the other bowl.
But the angel kept pouring, and suddenly the holy justice scale began to balance out.
Then it was even.
As we all watched, the scale suddenly shifted.
The white bowl went down and the black bowl came up.
Then there were mighty shouts of praise and victory in the courtroom.
Then the Father raised his golden scepter in his left hand and slammed his gavel down, accompanied by thunderclaps and lightning flashing everywhere with bursts of rainbow colors shooting through the courtroom, and said, "The time of grace shall be extended as petitioned by the Bride of Messiah; a little longer length of time has been granted to finish the final harvest in the age of grace.
" Note: I have condensed what was spoken in the trial into this brief summary.
I am forbidden to share anymore, though much more was spoken.
You can eventually go to the library of legal proceedings in heaven to access the entire transcript.
Of course, you will probably have to wait for this access until you arrive there, unless granted by the Lord through revelation by the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
Then I was told to sign the recording scroll I had written.
The other four prophet reporters also signed their scrolls.
I noticed that their scrolls were written in different earthly languages.
The most visible was in Chinese.
Then the vision ended and I immediately went to my computer and typed what I saw and heard.
Dearly beloved Bride of Messiah, we must labor now while it is light.
Soon it will be night where we cannot labor in the harvest fields of the earth any longer.
People, get ready.
Jesus is coming.
This was so powerful, the visitation that this man had.
Every time my wife reads that to me, I say, "My goodness, look where we are right now.
" This was clear back in 2018.
He had this visitation in 2018.
We are in 2025 almost, so it has been almost seven years.
When Jesus came to me two weeks ago and he said, "Brandon, one last call.
" He was looking at the sheep in the back fields calling them in.
The sun was setting; it was barely peeking through the beautiful clouds.
Whenever you see a beautiful sunset, time is up.
It goes alongside with these words.
I find these words that people send me confirm so much of what the Lord is already speaking to me.
I don't know how long this time was given—whether that was seven years because usually the Lord operates in seven-year cycles—but whatever it may be, time is running out.
I want you all to really search your heart today.
If you do not know him, if you are wayward, if you are watching this video and it is ministering to you and you are thinking, "I want to make sure I am right with God today.
I want to have a personal, intimate relationship with him," I believe today is your day for salvation.
It is not a coincidence that you are watching this broadcast.
God has a plan for you.
He loves you and has a place for you, but he wants to know that you choose him.
Will you make Jesus Christ your Lord and personal Savior one last time, one last call before the sand is out of that hourglass and time as we know it is coming to an end?
I have told you all what tribulation is and how it begins.
I had that visitation from Jesus and we walked tribulation together, and he allowed me to see what I was supposed to see.
I know there is a lot more to it, but it is literal hell on earth.
Tribulation is going to be terrible.
A lot of people say the believers can make it through it, but not from what I saw.
There are going to be a lot of people that cannot.
The people who are left—it is awful.
But I believe there is a rapture of the church that is about to take place.
I believe there is a great harvest of souls, a great healing revival.
It will last for a small season to bring in some people—the ones that the mothers and the grandmas were all believing for, the kids that were wayward—that God is going to bring in this quick harvest and then we are taken out of here.
When I was in the spirit, it did not look like it lasted for a long time—maybe a couple months, maybe a half a year if that.
I am talking about an amazing explosion of God's glory and grace beyond anybody's comprehension.
Anyway, it is a quick work and then we are taken out of here.
I believe when that begins, it is going to be soon.
All I know is right now I am focusing on getting myself ready for it so that I am a vessel that can be used in that timeframe by prayer and fasting and seeking him, listening to him on a day-to-day basis, building myself up, knowing that I have got to be fit, not just physically but spiritually for what is coming.
There is darkness coming beyond anybody's comprehension—great tribulation with more birthing pains.
They are going to come as labor pains come upon a woman; they get closer and closer together as the baby is getting ready to be birthed.
I know what the Lord has shown me: that you can either focus on the darkness or you can focus on the light.
It is a choice.
But he said very sobering days are coming.
What do you do with that?
Be filled with the Spirit.
Be drunk in the Spirit.
Be filled up to bubbling with him so that the circumstances of the world do not bother you because you are focused on him for what is coming.
It's not going to bother you; just like He'll provide for you, just like He provided for everybody else in times past and even what He was talking about at the beginning of this.
I believe that God is going to take care of His beloved.
Amen.
He said, 'I will always provide for my beloved.
' Brandon, here's what He said when I had the visitation two weeks ago, not even a week ago.
Two weeks ago, He said, 'Brandon, I will always take care of My beloved.
I'll always take care of her.
But you need to tell My people they need to have their boat ready.
They need to be ready for what's coming.
Don't be lazy and think, 'Well, I'm not going to do my part.
' Whatever part you can do, God's going to take care of you.
I believe it, but you've got to do your part.
You've got to put your boat into motion.
You've got to go to the place called There.
Some of you need to relocate; some of you need to be hearing Him for where you need to be.
When the brook dried up and the raven stopped bringing the bread to Elijah, He said, 'Go to the place called There.
' Where is your place called There?
It may be the provision's still there for you at your place, but some of you are looking.
Where is your place called There?
Where has God called you?
You need to seek Him daily and ask Him, 'Father, what do you have for me in my house?
What do you have for us?
' because He will show you.
It's not for you to be caught off guard and go, 'Well, I guess we're going to just lay here and die.
' No, He wants you to be listening to Him.
People email me all the time asking me, 'Would you have a word for me where I'm supposed to live?
' No, that's not for me to tell you.
You can hear God for yourself and He will show you.
'Hey, Bobby.
Hey, Joe.
Hey, whoever.
You need to be living there or stay where you're at,' and He will tell you because I could be totally off and that's not even the way the Holy Spirit operates.
He will speak to you and lead you into all things and tell you what to do.
It's not my job; spend time with Him at His feet daily.
He will lead and guide you in all truth.
That's the way God does things.
He uses His Scripture and His Holy Spirit to lead you.
I believe you'll hear Him and that stranger's voice you will not follow.
I pray for that for you every day, that you would hear His voice on where to be for the end-time revival, for the end-time harvest, being at the right place at the right time for your household.
That there will be nothing missing, nothing broken.
Shalom is over your home.
But you've got to get in a Bible-believing church that teaches the uncompromising Word as a first priority.
Reading your Bible every day, praying every day, and listening to teaching that stirs you up.
What will inspire you?
Like I told you, George Washington Carver, this book, things like that, books on healing, the Azusa Street.
I'm going to tell you all this, too.
We're at Glorious Church Fellowship.
They're having a healing revival with Nancy Dufresne.
I believe it starts on October 6th.
If you are sick and you have an incurable disease or something inside of you that you feel you need a little bit of extra faith push for, they're having a healing service that lasts from the 6th to the 10th in Collinsville, Oklahoma.
Nancy Dufresne is an anointed woman of God that walks in healing ministry.
So if you need a little extra push with the glory and healing, I told you all about the prayer conference; that happens the week after, starting on the 16th.
Man, what a time to be in the body of Christ!
And so Nancy Dufresne is coming on the 6th.
It's like a five-day deal; it starts on a Sunday and goes until Thursday or Friday.
I'm just saying it's a healing service.
She has morning services and night services to be submersed in God's Word, submersed in healing teaching and the anointing, laying hands on the sick, seeing them recover.
I believe with all my heart, if you're believing for your manifestation, whether it's a hangnail or cancer, whatever, God is a God that is faithful and will heal all who will believe.
If you just stretch out with simple faith, believing all things are possible to him who believes.
Nothing's impossible.
So, I just want to encourage you all today.
This was a blessing to me.
I'm so thankful that Diana read that to us.
I love it.
Thank you, baby.
I appreciate it.
I hope I did it justice.
It's just so powerful.
We'll read more stuff as we go.
I love her reading, and it just encourages you all to get in the Word and understand that Jesus loves you.
Yeah, we're in times of birthing pains, but great and mighty works are we going to do in these last days.
It's time to be the salt.
Wake up!
Look up, for your redemption draws nigh.
It's a time to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart even more.
So, let's pray right now.
I'm going to pray for you all.
I was going to do an altar call; I should have done it just a second ago, but if you can't say the sinner's prayer, people want to know.
Say, 'Father, let it be simple.
Father, forgive me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I believe You're the Son of God.
Forgive me, Lord.
I'm a sinner.
' Ask Him for forgiveness right now and just believe in your heart that Jesus Christ died on the cross and He rose again on the third day.
It is not hard to be born again.
You just have to believe that Jesus died for you and He rose again.
You say that simple thing: 'I believe it now.
God, I thank You that You write my name.
Forgive me of my sins, Lord.
I believe You're the Son of God.
' It doesn't have to be hard and religious.
Just say it out of your mouth and believe in your heart; believe it and you're saved.
Go to a church, get baptized, get involved.
It's exciting to be a believer in these times.
It really is.
It's not about running with our tail between our legs; it's about us being victorious.
We're more than conquerors in Christ Jesus.
Greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
Amen.
So, let's pray for you.
Let's believe God for your miracle, for your manifestations and demonstrations of the glory, that you would be a light in the darkness.
Father, right now in the name of Jesus, we believe we receive the demonstrations and manifestations of Your glory.
We believe, Father, that today is the day of salvation.
Today is the day of healing.
Not tomorrow, not the next day.
Now!
Now, faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
We call those things that be not as though they were right now, and we say, 'We're healed.
We're whole.
We're well.
' And we speak to our mountain and we tell it, 'Be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea.
' We don't doubt in our heart, Lord.
We shall have whatsoever things we say.
We say out of our mouth, 'We're healed.
We're whole.
We're well.
We're delivered by the power of the blood of Jesus and by the stripes that You took on Your body.
Lord, You said we're healed and whole and well—from headaches to disease, from sickness, from brain cancers to brain tumors to thyroid disease to stomach disorders to bowel disorders to all of it.
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're healing their bodies right now.
And we agree by faith that they are healed, whole, and well—delivered from food allergies, stomach problems, all kinds of diabetes, heart disease, strokes, and all kinds of cancers.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the people asking for the things they were believing for: testicular cancers to be removed.
And I thank you, Lord, that they're healed, whole, and well in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Father, that ovarian cysts and problems are healed, whole, and well, and that they'll have children.
Father, fibromyalgia is healed in Jesus' name.
Autoimmune disease of all kinds is healed in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that you're a healer.
We thank you, Lord, that you took it on the cross for us.
Father, I thank you that signs will follow them that believe.
You promised us, Lord, in your word, that signs would follow them that would believe.
And we pray and we believe.
We receive healing for our bodies and deliverance from all sickness and disease.
We thank you, Lord, that their marriages are restored and their homes are happy again.
Father, I pray that they would put a foundation of you in their home and walk in love in their houses.
Father, they would realize that you are King and that you're the captain of their ship.
They would give you full control.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, for every single person represented here today, that they're healed, whole, and well.
Their finances are blessed—blessed in the city and in the field, coming in and going out.
Father, they'll have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel throughout the whole world.
It is not just about them, but about helping the church.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're a part of their local church.
They would give and be a blessing to their pastors.
I thank you, Lord, that their homes are full of joy.
They would give—good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over shall men give unto them, Father.
They would have some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold.
And I thank you, Lord, that you'd bless their hands, Father, to do whatever you call them to do.
That they would be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
They'll go through and not go under.
They'll not struggle financially.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is the time for them to have exceedingly abundantly above all that they dare ask or think, according to the power that worketh through them and in them.
I thank you, Father, for every single one of them.
I thank you for what a blessing they are to me as they watch these videos.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would get people saved around the world, all for the glory of God.
Do all that you do in word and in deed, all for the glory of God.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
We thank you, Father.
We bless our pastors, our ministers, and our nation.
We thank you, Lord, that you're helping us, Father, that you would give them wisdom and new revelations of your word today, God.
We bless them in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Father, that you're speaking to your children today, God, showing them where they're supposed to be, and they'll be at the right place at the right time.
In all they do, they do in word and in deed.
They give all the glory to God.
We give God the glory today in the mighty name of Jesus.
And everyone say, 'Amen and amen.
' God bless you all and put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you, and we will see you all next time.
God bless you all and thank you for joining us.
Bye-bye.